Updated section on custom distributions (#1278)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: docs/src/using-turing/advanced.md

#### 3.1 Domain Transformation

Certain samplers, such as `HMC`, require the domain of the priors to be unbounded. Therefore, to use our `CustomUniform` as a prior in a model we also need to define how to transform samples from `[0, 1]` to `ℝ`. To do this, we simply need to define the corresponding `Bijector` from `Bijectors.jl`, which is what `Turing.jl` uses internally.

To transform from `[0, 1]` to `ℝ` we can use the `Logit` bijector:

```julia
Bijectors.bijector(d::CustomUniform) = Logit(0., 1.)
```

> You'd do the exact same thing for `MultivariateDistribution`, `MatrixDistribution`, etc. For example, `Wishart` defines a distribution over positive-definite matrices and so `bijector` returns a `PDBijector` when called with a `Wishart` distribution as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'd do the exact same thing for `ContinuousMultivariateDistribution` and `ContinuousMatrixDistribution`. For example, `Wishart` defines a distribution over positive-definite matrices and so `bijector` returns a `PDBijector` when called with a `Wishart` distribution as an argument. For discrete distributions, there is no need to define a bijector; the `Identity` bijector is used by default.
```
